VIDSOL-879: Update contributing guidelines (#511)
Vonage/vonage-video-react-app: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

Before you begin, please review the following:
- Read our [Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to understand our community standards.
- Check the [README.md](../README.md) for an overview of the project and setup instructions.
- Browse the [open issues](https://github.com/Vonage/vonage-video-react-app/issues) to see what needs attention.

## Contributing

### Opening an Issue — Bug Reports or Feature Requests
We always welcome feedback. If you've seen something that isn't quite right or you have a suggestion for a new feature, please go ahead and open an issue. Select the appropriate template and include as much information as you have. It really helps.

When opening an issue for a feature request or non-trivial change, please include:
- Problem: What are you trying to solve?
- Proposed solution: How do you plan to approach it?
- Alternatives considered: What other options did you evaluate and why did you rule them out?
- Architectural impact: Does this affect existing layers, patterns, or contracts in the codebase?

### Making a Code Change
We're always open to pull requests, but these should be small and clearly described so that we can understand what you're trying to do.

> For anything beyond a straightforward bug fix, please open and discuss an issue before writing code. This creates space for design alignment early, which saves time for both you and the reviewers. A PR that arrives without a linked issue and prior discussion may be held until that conversation happens.

Reviewer: Suggestion: 
```For anything beyond a straightforward bug fix, please open and discuss an issue before writing code. 
Pull requests submitted without a linked issue or prior discussion may be labeled as Proof of Concept (PoC) and held until the proposal has been discussed and prioritized with the product team.

PRs should be kept small and focused. Only minor bug fixes submitted without prior discussion are likely to be considered for review.
```

#### How we think about task and PR decomposition
When splitting a feature, apply these principles:
- Verb + noun naming. Every PR title should describe the work, not the intent.
	- `Implement password reset API endpoint`
	- `Add email confirmation screen`
	- Avoid vague titles such as `Work on login` or `Backend stuff`
- Vertical slicing over layer slicing. Prefer PRs that deliver a working slice of behavior end to end, rather than PRs that own an entire technical layer.
	- `Fetch user profile data from API`, then `Display user profile data in UI`
	- Avoid `Do all the frontend` or `Do all the backend`
- Sizing. Each PR should represent roughly 4 to 16 hours of work. If a PR would likely take longer than two days, split it further.
- Cover all work types. A feature is not done when the code is done. Consider whether your sequence of PRs includes design, development, testing, and documentation when relevant.
- Current scope only. Break down the story at hand. Do not speculate or plan ahead for future iterations in the same PR sequence.

### Responsibility and AI-Assisted Contributions

> You are welcome to use AI coding tools such as Copilot, Cursor, or Claude to help write code. However, the contributor is responsible for understanding, explaining, and maintaining every line of code submitted, regardless of how it was generated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You are welcome to use AI coding tools such as Copilot, Cursor, or Claude to help write code. However, the contributor is responsible for understanding and being able to explain every line of code submitted, regardless of how it was generated.

Once a contribution is merged, ongoing maintenance of that code becomes the responsibility of the project maintainers. This is precisely why we hold contributions to a high standard: we need to be confident we can own, extend, and debug what gets merged.
```
